Wade3/Parzival: "entrance,"
Wade3/Parzival: "in"
Aech: "The Wild Boys"
Aech: "Yes. But in real life, I’m even more handsome."
Aech: "Z!"
Aech: "What is up , amigo?"
Aech: "Z"
Aech: "H."
Aech: "What up, Humperdinck?"
Aech: "H."
Aech: "So what did you do after you bailed last night?"
Unknown: "Nada,"
Unknown: "Went home and brushed up on a few classic coin-ops."
Unknown: "Unnecessary."
Aech: "Yeah. But I was in the mood."
Aech: "Starlog , eh?"
Unknown: "Yep. Downloaded every single issue from the Hatchery’s archive. Still working my way through ’em. I was just reading this great piece on Ewoks: The Battle for Endor."
Unknown: "Made for TV. Released in 1985,"
Unknown: "Total garbage. A real low point in the history of the Wars."
Unknown: "Says you, assface. It has some great moments."
Unknown: "No,"
Unknown: "It doesn’t. It’s even worse than that first Ewok flick, Caravan of Courage . They shoulda called it Caravan of Suck."
Unknown: "Hey, can I have a look at that when you’re done?"
Aech: "Why? So you can read the article on Ladyhawke ?"
Unknown: "Maybe."
Unknown: "Man, you just love that crapburger, don’t you?"
Aech: "Blow me, Aech."
Unknown: "How many times have you seen that sapfest? I know you’ve made me sit through it at least twice."
Unknown: "I was doing you a favor by making you watch it, noob,"
Unknown: "You’ll thank me one day. Wait and see. Ladyhawke is canon."
Unknown: "Canon"
Aech: "Surely, you must be joking,"
Aech: "No, I am not joking. And don’t call me Shirley."
Unknown: "There is no way Halliday was a fan of Ladyhawke . I guarantee it."
Unknown: "Where’s your proof, dipshit?"
Unknown: "The man had taste. That’s all the proof I need."
Unknown: "Then please explain to me why he owned Ladyhawke on both VHS and LaserDisc?"
Unknown: "The guy was a billionaire! He owned millions of movies, most of which he probably never even watched! He had DVDs of Howard the Duck and Krull , too. That doesn’t mean he liked them, asshat. And it sure as hell doesn’t make them canon."
Unknown: "It’s not really up for debate, Homer,"
Unknown: "Ladyhawke is an eighties classic."
Unknown: "It’s fucking lame , is what it is! The swords look like they were made out of tinfoil. And that soundtrack is epically lame . Full of synthesizers and shit. By the motherfucking Alan Parsons Project! Lame-o-rama! Beyond lame. Highlander II lame."
Unknown: "Hey!"
Unknown: "Now you’re just being insulting! Ladyhawke ’s cast alone makes the film canon! Roy Batty! Ferris Bueller! And the dude who played Professor Falken in WarGames !"
Unknown: "John Wood! Reunited with Matthew Broderick!"
Unknown: "A real low point in both of their careers,"
Unknown: "You must be stoned!"
Unknown: "Ladyhawke was directed by Richard fucking Donner! The Goonies ? Superman: The Movie ? You’re saying that guy sucks?"
Unknown: "I don’t care if Spielberg directed it. It’s a chick flick disguised as a sword-and-sorcery picture. The only genre film with less balls is probably … freakin’ Legend . Anyone who actually enjoys Ladyhawke is a bona fide USDA-choice pussy!"
Unknown: "Oh, so I’m a pussy? You’re the one with the Ewok fetish!"
Unknown: "I suppose you think your extensive knowledge of Ewok culture is gonna help you find the egg?"
Unknown: "Don’t start on the Endorians again, man,"
Unknown: "I’ve warned you. I will ban your ass. I swear."
Unknown: "Endorians."
Unknown: "Are you cocks arguing about Star Wars again?"
Unknown: "That shit is so played out, yo."
Unknown: "If you want to ban someone, why don’t you start with this clown?"
I-r0k: "Shut your hole, Penis-ville!"
I-r0k: "He doesn’t ban me ’cause he knows I’m elite ! Ain’t that right, Aech?"
I-r0k: "No,"
I-r0k: "That ain’t right . You’re about as elite as my great-grandmother. And she’s dead."
Aech: "Screw you, Aech! And your dead grandma!"
I-r0k: "Gee, I-r0k,"
I-r0k: "You always manage to elevate the intelligence level of the conversation. The whole room just lights up the moment you arrive."
I-r0k: "So sorry to upset you, Captain No-Credits,"
I-r0k: "Hey, shouldn’t you be on Incipio panhandling for change right now?"
I-r0k: "Prick."
Unknown: "Poseur."
Unknown: "Poseur? Penis-ville is calling me a poseur?"
Unknown: "This chump is so broke that he has to bum rides to Greyhawk, just so he can kill kobolds for copper pieces! And he’s calling me a poseur!"
I-r0k: "Penis-ville the Mighty Kobold Slayer."
I-r0k: "That’s right, I called you a poseur, poseur."
I-r0k: "You’re an ignorant know-nothing twink. Just because you’re fourteenth-level, it doesn’t make you a gunter. You actually have to possess some knowledge."
Aech: "Word,"
Aech: "OK. Let’s see who the real poseur is,"
Aech: "Check this out, girls."
Aech: "Know what this is, hotshot?"
Aech: "I’ll even give you a clue.… It’s an Atari game, released as part of a contest. It contained several puzzles, and if you solved them, you could win a prize. Sound familiar?"
I-r0k: "You’re joking, right?"
I-r0k: "You just now discovered the Swordquest series?"
I-r0k: "You’re holding Swordquest: Earthworld,"
I-r0k: "The first game in the Swordquest series. Released in 1982."
I-r0k: "Can you name the next three games in the series?"
Unknown: "Anyone else?"
Aech: "Fireworld, Waterworld, and Airworld,"
Aech: "Bingo!"
Aech: "Although Airworld was never actually finished, because Atari fell on hard times and canceled the contest before it was completed."
Aech: "You should join up with the Sux0rz, I-r0k,"
Aech: "They could really use someone with your vast stores of knowledge."
Aech: "If you two fags already knew about the Swordquest contest, how come I’ve never once heard you mention it?"
I-r0k: "Come on, I-r0k,"
I-r0k: "Swordquest: Earthworld was Atari’s unofficial sequel to Adventure. Every gunter worth their salt knows about that contest. How much more obvious can you get?"
Aech: "OK, if you’re both such experts, who programmed all of the Swordquest games?"
I-r0k: "Dan Hitchens and Tod Frye,"
I-r0k: "Try asking me something difficult."
Unknown: "I got one for you,"
Unknown: "What were the prizes Atari gave out to the winner of each contest?"
Aech: "Ah,"
Aech: "Good one. Let’s see.… The prize for the Earthworld contest was the Talisman of Penultimate Truth. It was solid gold and encrusted with diamonds. The kid who won it melted it down to pay for college, as I recall."
Unknown: "Yeah, yeah,"
Unknown: "Quit stalling. What about the other two?"
Aech: "I’m not stalling. The Fireworld prize was the Chalice of Light, and the Waterworld prize was supposed to be the Crown of Life, but it was never awarded, due to the cancellation of the contest. Same goes for the Airworld prize, which was supposed to be a Philosopher’s Stone."
Aech: "And if the contest hadn’t been canceled, the winners of the first four rounds would have competed for the grand prize, the Sword of Ultimate Sorcery."
Aech: "The prizes were all mentioned in the Swordquest comic books that came with the games. Comic books which happen to be visible in the treasure room in the final scene of Anorak’s Invitation , by the way."
I-r0k: "Fine. You win,"
I-r0k: "But you both obviously need to get a life."
I-r0k: "And you,"
I-r0k: "obviously need to find a new hobby. Because you clearly lack the intelligence and commitment to be a gunter."
Aech: "No doubt,"
Aech: "Try doing some research for a change, I-r0k. I mean, did you ever hear of Wikipedia? It’s free, douchebag."
Aech: "Whatever,"
Aech: "If I didn’t spend so much time offline, getting laid , I’d probably know just as much worthless shit as you two do."
I-r0k: "What were the names of the twins who appeared in the Swordquest comic books?"
Aech: "Tarra and Torr."
Unknown: "Damn, Z! You are the man."
Unknown: "Thanks, Aech."
Aech: "Time for another day of higher learning,"
Aech: "Drag,"
Aech: "See you losers later."
I-r0k: "Seriously, Aech,"
I-r0k: "Why do you let that moron hang out here?"
Unknown: "Because he’s fun to beat at videogames. And his ignorance gives me hope."
Unknown: "How so?"
Unknown: "Because if most of the other gunters out there are as clueless as I-r0k—and they are, Z, believe me—that means you and I really do have a shot at winning the contest."
I-r0k: "I guess that’s one way to look at it."
Unknown: "Wanna hang after school again tonight? Around seven or so? I’ve got a few errands to run, but then I’m gonna tackle some of the stuff on my need-to-watch list. A Spaced marathon, perhaps?"
Unknown: "Oh, hell yes,"
Unknown: "Count me in."