James Halliday: "dogs and cats living together … mass hysteria!"
Unknown: "Dead Man’s Party."
Unknown: "Dead Man’s Party,"
Unknown: "All dressed up with nowhere to go. Walking with a dead man over my shoulder. Don’t run away, it’s only me.…"
James Donovan Halliday: "I, James Donovan Halliday, being of sound mind and disposing memory, do hereby make, publish, and declare this instrument to be my last will and testament, hereby revoking any and all wills and codicils by me at any time heretofore made.…"
James Donovan Halliday: "Forget it,"
James Donovan Halliday: "Even at that speed, it would take me a month to read the whole thing. Sad to say, I don’t have that kind of time."
James Donovan Halliday: "Let me just give you the highlights."
James Donovan Halliday: "My entire estate, including a controlling share of stock in my company, Gregarious Simulation Systems, is to be placed in escrow until such time as a single condition I have set forth in my will is met. The first individual to meet that condition will inherit my entire fortune, currently valued in excess of two hundred and forty billion dollars."
James Halliday: "Here’s the dough I’m putting up for grabs,"
James Halliday: "What the hell. You can’t take it with you, right?"
Halliday: "Now, I’m sure you’re wondering, what do you have to do to get your hands on all this moolah? Well, hold your horses, kids. I’m getting to that.…"
James Halliday: "This was the first videogame system I ever owned,"
James Halliday: "An Atari 2600. I got it for Christmas in 1979."
James Halliday: "My favorite game was this one,"
James Halliday: "It was called Adventure. Like many early videogames, Adventure was designed and programmed by just one person. But back then, Atari refused to give its programmers credit for their work, so the name of a game’s creator didn’t actually appear anywhere on the packaging."
James Halliday: "So the guy who created Adventure, a man named Warren Robinett, decided to hide his name inside the game itself. He hid a key in one of the game’s labyrinths. If you found this key, a small pixel-sized gray dot, you could use it to enter a secret room where Robinett had hidden his name."
Unknown: "This,"
Unknown: "was the very first videogame Easter egg. Robinett hid it in his game’s code without telling a soul, and Atari manufactured and shipped Adventure all over the world without knowing about the secret room. They didn’t find out about the Easter egg’s existence until a few months later, when kids all over the world began to discover it. I was one of those kids, and finding Robinett’s Easter egg for the first time was one of the coolest videogaming experiences of my life."
James Halliday: "A"
James Halliday: "Before I died,"
James Halliday: "I created my own Easter egg, and hid it somewhere inside my most popular videogame—the OASIS. The first person to find my Easter egg will inherit my entire fortune."
Unknown: "The egg is well hidden. I didn’t just leave it lying under a rock somewhere. I suppose you could say that it’s locked inside a safe that is buried in a secret room that lies hidden at the center of a maze located somewhere"
Anorak: "But don’t worry. I’ve left a few clues lying around to get everyone started. And here’s the first one."
Anorak: "I couldn’t playtest this particular game, so I worry that I may have hidden my Easter egg a little too well. Made it too difficult to reach. I’m not sure. If that’s the case, it’s too late to change anything now. So I guess we’ll see."
Anorak: "So without further ado,"
Anorak: "let the hunt for Halliday’s Easter egg begin!"
James Donovan Halliday: "the Scoreboard."
Unknown: "egg hunters,"
Unknown: "gunters."
Unknown: "professional"