Unknown: "Who the hell are you?"
Unknown: "girl,"
Unknown: "Cat got your tongue?"
Unknown: "I said: Who. The hell. Are you?"
Juan Sánchez Villa-Lobos Ramírez: "Greetings,"
Juan Sánchez Villa-Lobos Ramírez: "I am Juan Sánchez Villa-Lobos Ramírez."
Juan Sánchez Villa-Lobos Ramírez: "Chief metallurgist to King Charles the Fifth of Spain?"
Art3mis: "At your service,"
Art3mis: "Cute."
Art3mis: "So, spill it. How did you do?"
Unknown: "Do at what?"
Unknown: "Jousting against Acererak?"
Art3mis: "Hello?"
Art3mis: "I’m waiting?"
Unknown: "I got creamed,"
Unknown: "Joust isn’t really my game."
Unknown: "Yeah, same here,"
Unknown: "Halliday programmed old King Acererak with some pretty wicked AI, didn’t he? He’s insanely hard to beat."
Unknown: "You can put that away. I’m not gonna bite you."
Unknown: "Is this tomb in a PvP zone?"
Unknown: "Dunno. You’re the first avatar I’ve ever run into down here."
Unknown: "I suppose there’s only one way to find out."
Unknown: "Well, there you have it,"
Unknown: "This is a no-PvP zone after all."
Unknown: "Halliday must not have wanted anyone to duel for the right to joust the king,"
Unknown: "Yeah,"
Unknown: "Lucky for you."
Unknown: "Lucky for me ?"
Unknown: "How do you figure?"
Unknown: "You must really be hurting for hit points right now, after fighting Acererak."
Unknown: "I’ve got hit points galore,"
Unknown: "That lich was a total wuss."
Juan Ramírez: "Oh really?"
Juan Ramírez: "I’m fifty-second level, and he’s nearly killed me every time I’ve had to fight him. I have to stock up on extra healing potions every time I come down here."
Juan Ramírez: "I also recognize your sword and the armor you’re wearing. You got them both right here in this dungeon, which means they’re better than whatever your avatar had before. You look like a low-level wimpazoid to me, Juan Ramírez. And I think you’re hiding something."
Unknown: "Think what you want, She-Ra,"
Unknown: "Maybe I’ll run in to you off-world sometime. We can duke it out then."
Unknown: "See ya ’round."
Unknown: "Where do you think you’re going?"
Unknown: "Home,"
Unknown: "But what about the lich? And the Copper Key?"
Unknown: "He’ll respawn in a few minutes. When the OASIS server clock hits midnight, the whole tomb resets. If you wait right here, you’ll get another shot at beating him, without having to make your way through all of those traps again first. That’s why I’ve been coming here just before midnight, every other day. So I can get in two attempts in a row, back-to-back."
Unknown: "I thought we could take turns playing against him,"
Unknown: "I just played him, so it’ll be your turn at midnight, OK? Then I’ll come back after midnight tomorrow. We can alternate days until one of us beats him. Sound fair?"
Unknown: "I suppose,"
Unknown: "But you should stick around anyway. Something different might happen if there are two avatars here at midnight. Anorak probably prepared for that contingency. Maybe two instances of the lich will appear, one for each of us to play? Or maybe—"
Unknown: "I prefer to play in private,"
Unknown: "Let’s just take turns, OK?"
Unknown: "Come on, hold up a second,"
Unknown: "Please?"
Art3mis: "Listen,"
Art3mis: "I apologize for calling you a low-level wimpazoid. That was not cool. I insulted you."
Unknown: "It’s OK. You were right, actually. I’m only tenth level."
Unknown: "Regardless, you’re a fellow gunter. And a clever one too, or you wouldn’t be standing here. So, I want you to know that I respect you, and acknowledge your skills. And I apologize for the trash talk."
Unknown: "Apology accepted. No worries."
Unknown: "Cool."
Unknown: "I was just a little freaked to find you here,"
Unknown: "I mean, I knew someone else would find this place eventually. Just not this quickly. I’ve had this tomb all to myself for a while now."
Unknown: "How long?"
Unknown: "Three weeks!"
Unknown: "I’ve been coming here for three freakin’ weeks, trying to beat that stupid lich at that asinine game! And his AI is ridiculous! I mean, you know. I’d never even played Joust before this, and now it’s driving me out of my gourd! I swear I was this close to finally beating his ass a few days ago, but then …"
Unknown: "Argh! I can’t sleep. I can’t eat. My grades are going down the tubes, because I’ve been ditching to practice Joust—"
Unknown: "—and I came here tonight, thinking this would be the night I finally beat that bastard and get the Copper Key, but when I got here, I saw that someone had already uncovered the entrance. So I realized my worst fear had finally come true. Someone else had found the tomb. So I ran all the way down here, totally freaking out. I mean, I wasn’t too worried, because I didn’t think anyone could possibly beat Acererak on their first try, but still—"
Unknown: "Sorry,"
Unknown: "I tend to ramble when I’m nervous. Or excited. And right now I’m sort of both, because I’ve been dying to talk to someone about all of this, but obviously I couldn’t tell a soul, right? You can’t just mention in casual conversation that you—"
Unknown: "Man, I’m such a motormouth! A jabberjaw. A flibbertigibbet."
Unknown: "I really need to set up a filter to edit out that laugh of mine."
Unknown: "No, you shouldn’t,"
Unknown: "It’s a pretty great laugh, actually."
Unknown: "I have a dorky laugh too."
Wade: "dorky."
Unknown: "thank you."
Art3mis: "I forgot to introduce myself,"
Art3mis: "I’m Art3mis."
Art3mis: "I know,"
Art3mis: "I’m actually a huge fan of your blog. I’ve been a loyal reader for years."
Unknown: "Seriously?"
Parzival: "It’s an honor to meet you,"
Parzival: "I’m Parzival."
Parzival: "Parzival, eh?"
Parzival: "Named after the knight of the Round Table who found the grail, right? Very cool."
Unknown: "And Artemis was the Greek goddess of the hunt, right?"
Artemis Unknown: "Right! But the normal spelling was already taken, so I had to use a leet spelling, with a number three in place of the ‘e.’ "
Unknown: "I know,"
Unknown: "You mentioned that once on your blog. Two years ago."
Unknown: "You said that you still run into noobs who prounounce it ‘Art-three-miss.’ "
Unknown: "That’s right,"
Unknown: "I did."
Unknown: "This is, by far, the coolest contact card I have ever seen,"
Unknown: "Thank you!"
Unknown: "This is awesome!"
Unknown: "What a wicked design!"
Unknown: "Thanks,"
Wade Watts: "Listen, Art3mis,"
Wade Watts: "It was truly awesome to meet you. But I gotta get going. The server is about to reset, and I want to clear out of here before all of those traps and undead respawn."
Unknown: "Oh … OK."
Unknown: "I should probably prepare for my Joust match anyway. But here, let me hit you with a Cure Serious Wounds spell before you go."
Art3mis: "There you go,"
Unknown: "Thanks,"
Unknown: "But you shouldn’t have. We’re competitors, you know."
Unknown: "I know. But we can still be friends, right?"
Unknown: "I hope so."
Unknown: "Besides, the Third Gate is still a long way off. I mean, it took five years for the two of us to get this far. And if I know Halliday’s game-design strategy, things are just going to get harder from here on out."
Unknown: "Listen, are you sure you don’t want to stick around? I bet we can both play at once. We can give each other Jousting tips. I’ve started to spot some flaws in the king’s technique—"
Unknown: "That’s a really kind offer. But I have to go."
Unknown: "I’ve got school in the morning."
Unknown: "You lying bastard!"
Unknown: "You dishonest sack of crap!"
Unknown: "Holy shit,"
Parzival: "PARZIVAL"
Unknown: "You beat him on your first try?"
Art3mis: "He won the first game, but I won the last two. Just barely, though."
Unknown: "Shiiiiiit!"
Unknown: "How in the hell did you beat him on your first try ?"
Unknown: "It was pure luck,"
Unknown: "I used to play Joust all the time against a friend of mine. So I’d already had a ton of preparation. I’m sure if you’d had as much practice—"
Unknown: "Please!"
Unknown: "Do not patronize me, OK?"
Unknown: "I don’t believe this! Do you realize I’ve been trying to beat him for five goddamn weeks !"
Unknown: "But a minute ago you said it was three weeks—"
Unknown: "Don’t interrupt me!"
Unknown: "I’ve been practicing Joust nonstop for over a month now! I’m seeing flying ostriches in my goddamn sleep!"
Unknown: "That can’t be pleasant."
Unknown: "And you just walk in here and nail it on the first try!"
Unknown: "Listen,"
Unknown: "It really was luck. I’ve got a knack for classic arcade games. That’s my specialty."
Unknown: "Stop hitting yourself like Rain Man, OK?"
Unknown: "Why couldn’t it be Centipede? Or Ms. Pac-Man? Or BurgerTime? Then I’d probably have already cleared the First Gate by now!"
Unknown: "Well, I don’t know about that ,"
Unknown: "Hey,"
Unknown: "Hold on a sec. What are you doing?"
Unknown: "Oh, come on!"
Unknown: "Why did you do that?"
Unknown: "You seemed to be in an awful big hurry to get out of here. My guess is that when Anorak gave you the Copper Key, he also gave you some sort of clue about the location of the First Gate. Right? That’s where you’re headed next, isn’t it?"
Unknown: "Yeah,"
Unknown: "So unless you can nullify my spell—and I’m betting you can’t, Mr. Tenth-Level Warrior—that barrier will keep you in here until just after midnight, when the server resets. All of those traps you disarmed on your way down here will reset. That should slow down your exit considerably."
Unknown: "Yes,"
Unknown: "It will."
Unknown: "And while you’re busy making your way back up to the surface, I’ll have another shot at defeating Acererak. And this time I’m gonna destroy him. Then I’ll be right behind you, mister."
Unknown: "If the king has been beating your ass for the past five weeks, what makes you think you’re finally going to win tonight?"
Unknown: "Competition brings out the best in me,"
Unknown: "It always has. And now I’ve got some serious competition."
Unknown: "You’re evil, you know that?"
Unknown: "Chaotic Neutral, sugar."
Unknown: "I’m still going to beat you to the First Gate, you know."
Unknown: "Probably,"
Unknown: "But this is just the beginning. You’ll still have to clear it. And there are still two more keys to find, and two more gates to clear. Plenty of time for me to catch up with you, and then leave you in the dust, ace."
Unknown: "We’ll see about that, lady."
Unknown: "You’re famous now,"
Unknown: "You realize what that means, don’t you?"
Unknown: "I haven’t had much time to think about it yet."
Unknown: "Well, I have. I’ve been thinking about it for the past five weeks. Your avatar’s name on that Scoreboard is going to change everything. The public will become obsessed with the contest again, just like when it first began. The media is already going berserk. By tomorrow, Parzival will be a household name."
Unknown: "You could become famous in the real world too,"
Unknown: "If you reveal your true identity to the media."
Unknown: "I’m not an idiot."
Unknown: "Good. Because there are billions of dollars up for grabs, and now everyone is going to assume you know how and where to find the egg. There are a lot of people who would kill for that information."
Unknown: "I know that,"
Unknown: "And I appreciate your concern. But I’ll be fine."
Unknown: "What would you do if you won?"
Unknown: "How would you spend all that money?"
Aech: "I don’t know,"
Aech: "The usual, I guess. Move into a mansion. Buy a bunch of cool shit. Not be poor."
Unknown: "Wow. Big dreamer,"
Unknown: "And after you buy your mansion and your ‘cool shit,’ what will you do with the hundred and thirty billion you’ll have left over?"
Unknown: "I’d have a nuclear-powered interstellar spacecraft constructed in Earth’s orbit,"
Unknown: "I’d stock it with a lifetime supply of food and water, a self-sustaining biosphere, and a supercomputer loaded with every movie, book, song, videogame, and piece of artwork that human civilization has ever created, along with a stand-alone copy of the OASIS. Then I’d invite a few of my closest friends to come aboard, along with a team of doctors and scientists, and we’d all get the hell out of Dodge. Leave the solar system and start looking for an extrasolar Earthlike planet."
Unknown: "That’s pretty ambitious,"
Unknown: "But you do realize that nearly half the people on this planet are starving, right?"
Unknown: "Yes, I know,"
Unknown: "The reason so many people are starving is because we’ve wrecked the planet. The Earth is dying, you know? It’s time to leave."
Unknown: "That’s a pretty negative outlook,"
Unknown: "If I win that dough, I’m going to make sure everyone on this planet has enough to eat. Once we tackle world hunger, then we can figure out how to fix the environment and solve the energy crisis."
Unknown: "Right,"
Unknown: "And after you pull off that miracle, you can genetically engineer a bunch of Smurfs and unicorns to frolic around this new perfect world you’ve created."
Unknown: "I’m being serious,"
Unknown: "You really think it’s that simple?"
Unknown: "That you can just write a check for two hundred and forty billion dollars and fix all the world’s problems?"
Unknown: "I don’t know. Maybe not. But I’m gonna give it a shot."
Unknown: "If you win."
Unknown: "Right. If I win."
Acererak: "I’ll see you around, Parzival."
Art3mis: "Yeah,"
Art3mis: "See ya."
Art3mis: "Hey, Art3mis?"
Unknown: "Try playing on the left side,"
Unknown: "That’s how I won. I think he might be easier to beat if he’s playing the stork."
Acererak: "Greetings, Art3mis,"
Acererak: "What is it that you seek?"