Edgar Nash: "Edgar Nash, Gunter Expert"
Edgar Nash: "—appears that the avatar named Parzival received slightly more points for being the first to find the Copper Key,"
Edgar Nash: "Then, early this morning, Parzival’s score increased another one hundred thousand points, and a Copper Gate icon appeared beside his score. The same change occurred to Art3mis’s score a few hours later. This seems to indicate that both of them have now completed the first of the three gates."
Nash: "The famous Three Gates that James Halliday spoke of in the Anorak’s Invitation video?"
James Halliday: "The very same."
Unknown: "But Mr. Nash. After five years, how is it that two avatars accomplished this feat on the same day, within just a few hours of each other?"
Unknown: "Well, I think there’s only one plausible answer. These two people, Parzival and Art3mis, must be working together. They’re probably both members of what is known as a ‘gunter clan.’ These are groups of egg hunters who—"
Ogden Morrow: "—joining us live from his home in Oregon. Thanks for being with us today, Mr. Morrow!"
Mr. Morrow: "No problem,"
Morrow: "Let me start off by asking what your reaction is to the events of the last twenty-four hours. Were you surprised to see those names appear on Halliday’s Scoreboard?"
Unknown: "Surprised? Yes, a little, I suppose. But ‘excited’ is probably a better word. Like everyone else, I’ve been watching and waiting for this to happen. Of course, I wasn’t sure if I’d still be alive when it finally did! I’m glad that I am. It’s all very exciting, isn’t it?"
Unknown: "Do you think these two gunters, Parzival and Art3mis, are working together?"
Unknown: "I have no idea. I suppose it’s possible."
Unknown: "As you know, Gregarious Simulation Systems keeps all OASIS user records confidential, so we have no way of knowing their true identities. Do you think either of them will come forward and reveal themselves to the public?"
James Halliday: "Not if they’re smart, they won’t,"
James Halliday: "If I were in their shoes, I’d do everything possible to remain anonymous."
Morrow: "Why do you say that?"
Unknown: "Because once the world discovers who they really are, they’ll never have a moment’s peace afterward. If people think you can help them find Halliday’s egg, they’ll never leave you alone. Trust me, I know from experience."
Unknown: "Yes, I suppose you do."
Unknown: "However, this network has contacted both Parzival and Art3mis via e-mail, and we’ve extended generous monetary offers to each of them in return for an exclusive interview, either in the OASIS or here in the real world."
James Morrow: "I’m sure they’re receiving many such offers. But I doubt they’ll accept,"
James Morrow: "Anyone smart enough to accomplish what they have should know better than to risk everything by talking to the vultures in the media."
Morrow: "Ah, Mr. Morrow … I really don’t think that’s called for."
Mr. Morrow: "Too bad. I do."
Morrow: "Well, moving on … Do you have any predictions about what changes we might see on the Scoreboard in the weeks to come?"
Unknown: "I’m betting that those other eight empty slots will fill up pretty quickly."
Unknown: "What makes you think so?"
Unknown: "One person can keep a secret, but not two,"
Unknown: "I don’t know. Maybe I’m wrong. But I am sure of one thing. The Sixers are going to use every dirty trick at their disposal to learn the location of the Copper Key and the First Gate."
Unknown: "You’re referring to the employees of Innovative Online Industries?"
Unknown: "Yes. IOI. The Sixers. Their sole purpose is to exploit loopholes in the contest rules and subvert the intention of Jim’s will. The very soul of the OASIS is at stake here. The last thing Jim would have wanted is for his creation to fall into the hands of a fascist multinational conglomerate like IOI."
Unknown: "Mr. Morrow, IOI owns this network.…"
Mr. Morrow: "Of course they do!"
Mr. Morrow: "They own practically everything! Including you, pretty boy! I mean, did they tattoo a UPC code on your ass when they hired you to sit there and spout their corporate propaganda?"
Morrow: "Quick!"
Morrow: "You better cut me off before I say anything else!"
Morrow: "Thank you again for joining us today, Mr. Morrow. Unfortunately that’s all the time we have to speak with him. Now let’s go back to Judy, who is standing by with a panel of renowned Halliday scholars—"
James Halliday: "quintessential geek girl,"
James Halliday: "She became the lone female in our weekly gaming group,"
James Halliday: "And every single one of the guys developed a massive crush on her, including Jim. She was actually the one who gave him the nickname ‘Anorak,’ a British slang term for an obsessive geek. I think Jim adopted it as the name of his D and D character to impress her. Or maybe it was his way of trying to let her know he was in on the joke. The opposite sex made Jim extremely nervous, and Kira was the only girl I ever saw him speak to in a relaxed manner. But even then, it was only in character, as Anorak, during the course of our gaming sessions. And he would only address her as Leucosia, the name of her D and D character."
Wade Watts: "personal reasons."
Wade Watts: "we were no longer in the videogame business,"
Wade Watts: "It had become a self-imposed prison for humanity,"
Wade Watts: "A pleasant place for the world to hide from its problems while human civilization slowly collapses, primarily due to neglect."
James Halliday: "retired"
Ogden Morrow: "We had a falling-out,"
Ogden Morrow: "and that is something I refuse to discuss, now or in the future. Suffice it to say, I have not communicated with James Halliday in over ten years."
Morrow: "Then why did Halliday leave you his vast collection of classic coin-operated videogames?"
Morrow: "All of his other material possessions are to be auctioned off. If you were no longer friends, why are you the only person he left anything to?"
Morrow: "I have no idea,"
Morrow: "Did you have any idea what Halliday was working on all those years he was in seclusion?"
Unknown: "No. I suspected he might be working on some new game. Jim was always working on a new game. For him, making games was as necessary as breathing. But I never imagined he was planning something … of this magnitude."
Unknown: "As the person who knew James Halliday the best, do you have any advice for the millions of people who are now searching for his Easter egg? Where do you think people should start looking for it?"
Ogden Morrow: "I think Jim made that pretty obvious,"
Ogden Morrow: "Jim always wanted everyone to share his obsessions, to love the same things he loved. I think this contest is his way of giving the entire world an incentive to do just that."
Aech: "Holy shit!"
Aech: "I don’t believe this! Now you’ve cleared the motherfucking First Gate and you still haven’t phoned me ? Call my ass! Now! The second you get this!"
Aech: "You dog!"
Aech: "You brilliant, sly, devious dog!"
Aech: "Hey, Aech,"
Aech: "What’s new?"
Aech: "What’s new? What’s new? You mean, other than, you know, seeing my best friend’s name appear at the top of the Scoreboard ? Other than that, you mean?"
Aech: "Other than that, not much! Not much new at all!"
Unknown: "Sorry it took me a while to call you. I had kind of a late night."
Unknown: "No shit, you had a late night!"
Unknown: "Look at you! How can you be so calm! Don’t you realize what this means? This is huge! This is beyond epic! I mean … congratu-freakin’-lations, man!"
Unknown: "I am not worthy!"
Unknown: "Cut it out, OK? It’s really not a big deal. I haven’t actually won anything yet.…"
Unknown: "Not a big deal!"
Unknown: "Not. A. Big. Deal? Are you kidding me? You’re a legend now, man! You just became the first gunter in history to find the Copper Key! And clear the First Gate! You are a god, from this moment forth! Do you not realize this, fool?"
Unknown: "Seriously. Stop it. I’m already freaked out enough as it is."
Unknown: "Have you seen the news? The whole world is freaking out! And the gunter boards are going apeshit! And everyone is talking about you , amigo."
Unknown: "I know. Listen, I hope you’re not pissed at me for keeping you in the dark. I felt really weird about not returning your calls or telling you what I was up to.…"
Unknown: "Oh, come on!"
Unknown: "You know damn well that if I’d been in your shoes, I would have done the same thing. That’s how the game is played. But"
Unknown: "I am curious to know how that Art3mis chick happened to find the Copper Key and clear the gate right after you did. Everyone seems to think you two were working together, but I know that’s horseshit. So what happened? Was she following you or something?"
Unknown: "No, she found the key’s hiding place before I did. Last month, she said. She just wasn’t able to obtain the key until now."
Unknown: "I can’t really go into the details without, you know—"
Aech: "No worries. I totally understand. I wouldn’t want for you to accidentally drop any hints."
Aech: "Actually, I should let you know where I am right now.…"
Unknown: "How in the hell—?"
Unknown: "Well, when I saw your name all over the newsfeeds last night, it occurred to me that for as long as I’ve known you, you’ve never had the dough to do much traveling. Any traveling, really. So I figured that if you’d found the hiding place of the Copper Key, it probably had to be somewhere close to Ludus. Or maybe even on Ludus."
Unknown: "Well done,"
Unknown: "Not really. I spent hours racking my pea-sized brain before I finally thought to search the map of Ludus for the surface features described in the Tomb of Horrors module. But once I did, everything else clicked into place. And here I am."
Unknown: "Congratulations."
Unknown: "Yeah, well, it was pretty easy once you pointed me in the right direction."
Unknown: "I’ve been searching for this place for years, and all this time it was within walking distance of my school! I feel like a total moron for not figuring it out on my own."
Unknown: "You’re not a moron,"
Unknown: "You deciphered the Limerick on your own, otherwise you wouldn’t even know about the Tomb of Horrors module, right?"
Unknown: "So, you’re not pissed?"
Unknown: "That I took advantage of my inside info?"
Unknown: "No way. I would have done the same thing."
Unknown: "Well, regardless, I owe you one. And I won’t forget it."
Unknown: "Have you been inside yet?"
Unknown: "Yeah. I came back up here to call you, while I wait for the server to reset at midnight. The tomb is empty right now, because your friend, Art3mis, already blew through here earlier today."
Unknown: "We’re not friends,"
Unknown: "She just showed up, a few minutes after I got the key."
Unknown: "Did you guys throw down?"
Unknown: "No. The tomb is a no-PvP zone."
Unknown: "Looks like you’ve still got a few hours to kill before the reset."
Unknown: "Yeah. I’ve been studying the original D and D module, trying to prepare myself,"
Unknown: "Wanna give me any tips?"
Unknown: "No. Not really."
Unknown: "Didn’t think so."
Unknown: "Listen, I have to ask you something,"
Unknown: "Does anyone at your school know your avatar’s name?"
Unknown: "No. I’ve been careful to keep it a secret. No one there knows me as Parzival. Not even the teachers."
Parzival: "Good,"
Parzival: "I took the same precaution. Unfortunately, several of the gunters who frequent the Basement know that we both attend school on Ludus, so they might be able to connect the dots. I’m worried about one in particular.…"
Unknown: "I-r0k?"
Aech: "He’s been calling me nonstop since your name appeared on the Scoreboard, asking what I know. I played dumb, and he seemed to buy it. But if my name shows up on the Scoreboard too, you can bet he’ll start bragging that he knows us. And when he starts telling other gunters that you and I are both students on Ludus—"
Aech: "Shit!"
Aech: "Then every gunter in the sim will be headed here to search for the Copper Key."
Aech: "Right,"
Aech: "And before long, the location of the tomb will be common knowledge."
Aech: "Well, then you better get the key before that happens."
Unknown: "I’ll do my best."
Unknown: "Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to reread this thing for the hundredth time today."
Aech: "Good luck, Aech,"
Aech: "Give me a call once you’ve cleared the gate."
Unknown: "If I clear the gate …"
Unknown: "You will,"
Unknown: "And when you do, we should meet in the Basement to talk."
Unknown: "You got it, amigo."
Aech: "Hey, Aech?"
Aech: "Yeah?"
Unknown: "You might want to brush up on your jousting skills,"
Unknown: "You know, between now and midnight."
Unknown: "I got ya,"
Unknown: "Thanks, pal."
Unknown: "Good luck."