









More Advance Praise
for 
Ready Player One
 




“[An] adrenaline shot of uncut geekdom
 … sweet, self-deprecating Wade, whose universe is an odd mix of the real past and the virtual present, is 
the perfect lovable/unlikely hero.”


—Publishers Weekly


 




“The pure, unfettered brainscream of a child of the ’80s
, like a dream my thirteen-year-old self would have had after bingeing on Pop Rocks and Coke.… 
I couldn’t put it down.”


—Charles Ardai, Edgar Award–winning author
and producer of


Haven


 




“Pure geek heaven
. Ernest Cline’s hero competes in a virtual world with life-and-death stakes—which is only fitting, because he’s fighting to make his dreams into reality. Cline blends a dystopic future with meticulously detailed nostalgia to create 
a story that will resonate in the heart of every true nerd.”


—Christopher Farnsworth, author of


Blood Oath


 




“A fantastic adventure set in a futuristic world with a retro heart
. Once I started reading, I didn’t want to put it down and I couldn’t wait to pick it back up.”


—S. G. Browne, author of


Breathers


 




“Cline has somehow managed to jack into the nervous system of some great warm collective geek-dream nostalgia of the ’70s and ’80s and used the precious touchstones he’s rediscovered there to create 
an adventure


that’s almost more experienced than read.…


Ready Player One


let me


romp through some of the best memories of my youth.”


—Paul Malmont, author of


The Chinatown Death Cloud Peril


 




“Imagine that Dungeons and Dragons and an ’80s video arcade made hot, sweet love, and their child was raised in Azeroth
. If you’re not already experiencing a nerdgasm at the thought, I don’t want to know you.”


—John Scalzi
, 
New York Times


bestselling author of


Old Man’s War


 




“
Ready Player One
 expertly mines a copious vein of 1980s pop culture, catapulting the reader on a light-speed adventure in an advanced but backward-looking future. 
If this book were a living room, it would be wood-paneled. If it were shoes, it would be high-tops. And if it were a song, well, it would have to be ‘Eye of the Tiger.’ I really, really loved it.”


—Daniel H. Wilson, author of


Robopocalypse


 




“I was blown away by this book.… 
Ernie Cline has pulled the raddest of all magic tricks: He’s managed to write a novel that’s at once serious and playful, that is as fun to read as it is harrowing
. A book of ideas, a potboiler, a game-within-a-novel, a serious science-fiction epic, a comic pop-culture mash-up—call this novel what you will, but 
Ready Player One
 will defy every label you try to put on it. 
Here, finally, is this generation’s


Neuromancer.
”


—Will Lavender
, 
New York Times


bestselling author of


Obedience


 


 



