Unknown: "Mr. Parzival,"
Unknown: "Welcome to Innovative Online Industries! Just a moment. Mr. Sorrento is already on his way to greet you."
Nolan Sorrento: "At last!"
Nolan Sorrento: "The famous Parzival has graced us with his presence!"
Nolan Sorrento: "Nolan Sorrento, chief of operations. It’s an honor to meet you."
Nolan Sorrento: "Yeah,"
Nolan Sorrento: "Likewise, I guess."
Wade Watts: "Please follow me."
Nolan Sorrento: "Why bother bringing me here via a chatlink?"
Nolan Sorrento: "Why not just give me your sales pitch in a chat room?"
Unknown: "Please, indulge me,"
Unknown: "This chatlink is part of our sales pitch. We want to give you the same experience you’d have if you came to visit our headquarters in person."
Unknown: "the Sixer homeworld."
Sorrento: "Impressive digs, wouldn’t you agree?"
Sorrento: "Not bad."
Sorrento: "This is an OASIS replica of the real IOI towers located in downtown Columbus, right?"
Wade Watts: "Yes, the Columbus complex is our company headquarters. Most of my team works in this central tower. Our close proximity to GSS eliminates any possibility of system lag. And, of course, Columbus doesn’t suffer from the rolling power blackouts that plague most major U.S. cities."
N/A: "You’ve become quite the celebrity these past few days,"
N/A: "It must be very exciting for you. Probably a little scary, too, huh? Knowing you now possess information that millions of people would be willing to kill for?"
Sorrento: "Do you mind skipping the scare tactics and the head games? Just tell me the details of your offer. I have other matters to attend to."
Unknown: "Yes, I’m sure you do,"
Unknown: "But please don’t jump to any conclusions about our offer. I think you’ll be quite surprised."
Unknown: "In fact, I’m certain of it."
Unknown: "Whatever, man."
Sorrento: "Welcome to IOI’s Oology Division,"
Sorrento: "So, this is Sux0rz Central, eh?"
Sorrento: "There’s no need to be rude,"
Sorrento: "This could be your team."
Sorrento: "Would I get my very own cubicle?"
Unknown: "No. You’d have your own office, with a very nice view."
Unknown: "Not that you’d spend much time looking at it."
Unknown: "Nice gear,"
Unknown: "Yes, it is nice, isn’t it?"
Unknown: "Our immersion rigs are heavily modified, and they’re all networked together. Our systems allow multiple operators to control any one of our oologist’s avatars. So depending on the obstacles an avatar encounters during their quest, control can be instantly transferred to the team member with the skills best suited to deal with the situation."
Unknown: "Yeah, but that’s cheating,"
Unknown: "Oh, come on now,"
Unknown: "There’s no such thing. Halliday’s contest doesn’t have any rules. That’s one of the many colossal mistakes the old fool made."
Unknown: "All of our oologists are voice-linked to a support team,"
Unknown: "Composed of Halliday scholars, videogame experts, pop-culture historians, and cryptologists. They all work together to help each of our avatars overcome any challenge and solve every puzzle they encounter."
Unknown: "As you can see, we’ve covered all the bases, Parzival. That’s why we’re going to win."
Nolan Sorrento: "Yeah,"
Nolan Sorrento: "You guys have been doing a bang-up job so far. Bravo. Now, why is it that we’re talking again? Oh, right. You guys have no clue where the Copper Key is, and you need my help to find it."
Sorrento: "I like you, kid,"
Sorrento: "You’re bright. And you’ve got cojones. Two qualities I greatly admire."
Sorrento: "city."
Unknown: "So I’ll just cut to the chase,"
Unknown: "IOI wants to recruit you. As a consultant, to assist with our search for Halliday’s Easter egg. You’ll have all of our company’s vast resources at your disposal. Money, weapons, magic items, ships, artifacts. You name it."
Unknown: "What would my title be?"
Unknown: "Chief oologist,"
Unknown: "You’d be in charge of the entire division, second-in-command only to me. I’m talking about five thousand highly trained combat-ready avatars, all taking orders directly from you."
Unknown: "Sounds pretty sweet,"
Unknown: "Of course it does. But there’s more. In exchange for your services, we’re willing to pay you two million dollars a year, with a one-million-dollar signing bonus up front. And if and when you help us find the egg, you’ll get a twenty-five-million-dollar bonus."
Unknown: "Wow,"
Unknown: "Can I work from home, too?"
Sorrento: "No,"
Sorrento: "I’m afraid not. You’d have to relocate here to Columbus. But we’ll provide you with excellent living quarters here on the premises. And a private office, of course. Your own state-of-the-art immersion rig—"
Sorrento: "Hold on,"
Sorrento: "You mean I’d have to live in the IOI skyscraper? With you? And all of the other Sux— oologists ?"
Unknown: "Just until you help us find the egg."
Unknown: "What about benefits? Would I get health care? Dental? Vision? Keys to the executive washroom? Shit like that?"
Unknown: "Of course."
Unknown: "So? What do you say?"
Unknown: "Can I think about it for a few days?"
Unknown: "Afraid not,"
Unknown: "This could all be over in a few days. We need your answer now."
Sorrento: "Just listen to me a moment before you answer,"
Sorrento: "I know most gunters cling to the absurd notion that IOI is evil. And that the Sixers are ruthless corporate drones with no honor and no respect for the ‘true spirit’ of the contest. That we’re all sellouts. Right?"
Sorrento: "That’s putting it mildly."
Unknown: "Well, that’s ridiculous,"
Unknown: "The Sixers are really no different than a Gunter clan, albeit a well-funded one. We share all the same obsessions as gunters. And we have the same goal."
Wade Watts: "You know, contrary to popular belief, the OASIS really won’t change that drastically when IOI takes control of it. Sure, we’ll have to start charging everyone a monthly user fee. And increase the sim’s advertising revenue. But we also plan to make a lot of improvements. Avatar content filters. Stricter construction guidelines. We’re going to make the OASIS a better place."
Unknown: "OK,"
Unknown: "Count me in. Sign me up. Whatever you guys call it. I’m in."
Unknown: "But I have three minor conditions,"
Unknown: "First, I want a fifty-million-dollar bonus when I find the egg for you guys. Not twenty-five. Is that doable?"
Unknown: "Done. What are your other conditions?"
Unknown: "I don’t want to be second-in-command,"
Unknown: "I want your job, Sorrento. I want to be in charge of the whole shebang. Chief of operations. El Numero Uno . Oh, and I want everyone to have to call me El Numero Uno , too. Is that possible?"
Unknown: "What else?"
Unknown: "I don’t want to work with you."
Unknown: "You give me the creeps. But if your superiors are willing to fire your ass and give me your position, I’m in. It’s a done deal."
Sorrento: "Could you check with your bosses and let me know if they’ll agree to that?"
Sorrento: "Or are they monitoring us right now? I’m betting they are."
Sorrento: "Hi, guys! What do you say?"
Sorrento: "Of course they’re monitoring us,"
Sorrento: "And they’ve just informed me that they’re willing to agree to each of your demands."
Sorrento: "Really?"
Sorrento: "Great! When can I start? And more importantly, when can you leave?"
Unknown: "Immediately,"
Unknown: "The company will prepare your contract and send it to your lawyer for approval. Then we— they will fly you here to Columbus to sign the paperwork and close the deal."
Unknown: "That should conclude—"
Unknown: "Actually—"
Unknown: "I’ve spent the last few seconds thinking this over a bit more, and I’m gonna have to pass on your offer. I think I’d rather find the egg on my own, thanks."
Unknown: "You and the other Sux0rz can all go fuck a duck."
Nolan Sorrento: "Oh, you’re good! That was so good! You really had us going there, kid!"
Nolan Sorrento: "That’s the answer I was expecting. So now, let me give you our second proposal."
Sorrento: "There’s more?"
Sorrento: "OK. Shoot."
Unknown: "We’ll wire five million dollars directly to your OASIS account, right now , in exchange for a walkthrough up to the First Gate. That’s it. All you have to do is give us detailed step-by-step instructions on how to do what you’ve already done. We’ll take it from there. You’ll be free to continue searching for the egg on your own. And our transaction will remain a complete secret. No one ever need know of it."
Sorrento: "Trust me, son,"
Sorrento: "You should take this offer. While you can."
Unknown: "I’ll pass,"
Unknown: "Thanks for your time."
Parzival: "Actually, we’re not quite done here. We have one final proposal for you, Parzival. And I saved the best for last."
Sorrento: "Can’t you take a hint? You can’t buy me . So piss off. Adios. Good. Bye."
Unknown: "Sit down, Wade."
Wade Owen Watts: "That’s right,"
Wade Owen Watts: "We know who you are. Wade Owen Watts. Born August twelfth, 2024. Both parents deceased. And we also know where you are. You reside with your aunt, in a trailer park located at 700 Portland Avenue in Oklahoma City. Unit 56-K, to be exact. According to our surveillance team, you were last seen entering your aunt’s trailer three days ago and you haven’t left since. Which means you’re still there right now."
Sorrento: "There you are,"
Sorrento: "You should really get out more, Wade. It’s not healthy to spend all of your time indoors."
Nolan Sorrento: "Your first instinct right now might be to log out and make a run for it,"
Nolan Sorrento: "I urge you not to make that mistake. Your trailer is currently wired with a large quantity of high explosives."
Nolan Sorrento: "And my finger is on the detonator. If you log out of this chatlink session, you will die within a few seconds. Do you understand what I’m saying to you, Mr. Watts?"
Unknown: "How—?"
Unknown: "How did we find out who you are? And where you live?"
Unknown: "Easy. You screwed up, kid. When you enrolled in the OASIS public school system, you gave them your name and address. So they could mail you your report cards, I suppose."
Unknown: "How did you find out I attend school online?"
Wade: "There’s been a rumor circulating on the gunter message boards the past few days that you and your pal Aech both go to school on Ludus. When we heard that, we decided to contact a few OPS administrators and offer them a bribe. Do you know how little a school administrator makes a year, Wade? It’s scandalous. One of your principals was kind enough to search the student database for the avatar name Parzival, and guess what?"
Unknown: "We have your friend Aech’s school records too. But he was smart enough to give a fake name and address when he enrolled. So finding him will take a bit longer."
Sorrento: "So, that brings me to our final proposal."
Sorrento: "Tell us how to reach the First Gate. Right now. Or we will kill you. Right now."
Sorrento: "You’re bluffing,"
Unknown: "No, Wade. I’m not. Think about it. With everything else that’s going on in the world, do you think anyone will care about an explosion in some ghetto-trash rat warren in Oklahoma City? They’ll assume it was a drug-lab accident. Or maybe a domestic terrorist cell trying to build a homemade bomb. Either way, it will just mean there are a few hundred less human cockroaches out there collecting food vouchers and using up precious oxygen. No one will care. And the authorities won’t even blink."
Unknown: "You’d kill me?"
Unknown: "To win a videogame contest?"
Nolan Sorrento: "Don’t pretend to be naïve, Wade,"
Nolan Sorrento: "There are billions of dollars at stake here, along with control of one of the world’s most profitable corporations, and of the OASIS itself. This is much more than a videogame contest. It always has been."
Nolan Sorrento: "But you can still come out a winner here, kid. If you help us, we’ll still give you the five million. You can retire at age eighteen and spend the rest of your days living like royalty. Or you can die in the next few seconds. It’s your call. But ask yourself this question—if your mother were still alive, what would she want you to do?"
Nolan Sorrento: "What’s to stop you from killing me after I give you what you want?"
Unknown: "Regardless of what you may think, we don’t want to have to kill anyone unless it’s absolutely necessary. Besides, there are two more gates, right?"
Unknown: "We might need your help to figure those out too. Personally, I doubt it. But my superiors feel differently. Regardless, you don’t really have a choice at this point, do you?"
Unknown: "So here’s what’s going to happen next. You’re going to give me step-by-step instructions on how to obtain the Copper Key and clear the First Gate. And you’re going to stay logged into this chatlink session while we verify everything you tell us. Log out before I say it’s OK, and your whole world goes boom. Understand? Now start talking."
Unknown: "Sorrento,"
Unknown: "I want you and your bosses to know something. You’re never going to find Halliday’s egg. You know why? Because he was smarter than all of you put together. It doesn’t matter how much money you have or who you try to blackmail. You’re going to lose."
Unknown: "Stupid move, kid,"